chore: release note updates for GKE support and other misc updates (#887)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/ref-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="feature-rhidp-4414"]
== Identifying Backstage flavor for plugins by using the `developerHub.flavor` field

With this update, you can use the `developerHub.flavor` field to identify whether plugins are running on {product-very-short}, {rhtap-very-short}, or vanilla Backstage, as shown in the following example:

.`app-config.yaml` fragment with the `developerhub.flavor` field

[source,yaml,subs=&#34;+quotes&#34;]
----
developerHub:
  flavor: &lt;flavor&gt;

> ----

Author: you keep changing things that are generated. Does this actually impact the Pantheon process? If so we can adjust the python script to replace htlm entities with simpler ones.

> ----

Reviewer: > you keep changing things that are generated. Does this actually impact the Pantheon process? If so we can adjust the python script to replace htlm entities with simpler ones.

I see that the preview looks good even with these slight modifications made after you ran the script, so you can skip these suggestions, @nickboldt . If any adjustments to the python script can be made to accommodate these, that would be equally great. Otherwise, I doubt it should be any big deal, no stress.

[id="feature-rhidp-4806"]
== Ability to install third-party plugins in {product-very-short}

You can now install third-party plugins in {product} without rebuilding the {product-very-short} application.

For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/{product-version}/html-single/installing_and_viewing_plugins_in_red_hat_developer_hub/index#assembly-install-third-party-plugins-rhdh[Installing third-party plugins in {product}].

[id="feature-rhidp-5156"]
==  The catalog backend module logs plugin is enabled

With this update, the `backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-logs` is enabled and converted to a static plugin improving performance and stability. The dynamic plugin was disabled in version `1.3`.

[id="feature-rhidp-5734"]
== Google Kubernetes Engine now supported

> Google Kubernetes Engine (Google GKE) is out of Developer Preview and is now fully supported as of RHDH 1.4. 

Author: Please make your updates in the associated JIRAs, then ask me to regenerate.

This content is generated from https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

You can also push your own regenerated changes into the PR directly if you check out the PR and run the script locally.

> Google Kubernetes Engine (Google GKE) is out of Developer Preview and is now fully supported as of RHDH 1.4. 

Author: you didn't want to use an attribute for `1.4` ? https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/artifacts/attributes.adoc#L13

> See the full list of supported platforms at https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the full list of supported platforms on the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/developerhub[Life Cycle page].
```

Author: Please make your updates in the associated JIRAs, then ask me to regenerate.

This content is generated from https://github.com/redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/blob/release-1.4/modules/release-notes/single-source-release-notes.py

You can also push your own regenerated changes into the PR directly if you check out the PR and run the script locally.
